Stop using requests in favour of botocore & urllib3 (#580)
pynamodb/PynamoDB: docs/settings.rst

Here is a complete list of settings which control default PynamoDB behavior.

connect_timeout_seconds
-----------------------

Default: ``60``

> The time till a timeout exception is thrown when attempting to make a connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time in seconds until a <class> is raised when attempting to make a connection.
```

read_timeout_seconds
-----------------------

Default: ``60``

> The time till a timeout exception is thrown when attempting to read from a connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The time in seconds until a URLError is raised when attempting to read from a connection.
```
(assuming it's `URLError`)

Author: I think these: https://github.com/boto/botocore/blob/cd7fd229c4dd3637bceac440a0b31a142774754a/botocore/exceptions.py#L109

Reviewer: Either one?

The default AWS region to connect to.

max_pool_connections
--------------------

Default: ``10``

> TODO

Reviewer: TODO
